Changelog: Add entery for v4.0 (#3)
yvonnefroehlich/splitlab_stacksplit: 02_stacksplit/changelog.md

# Changelog

> ## Release [v4.0]() (2025-MM-DD)
> 
> > Release undependent from the original [StackSplit repo](https://github.com/michaelgrund/stacksplit).

Author: ```suggestion
## Release dev

> Changes are undependent from the original [StackSplit repo](https://github.com/michaelgrund/stacksplit).
```
